add docs for parallel and root hooks (#4246)
mochajs/mocha: docs/index.md

Likewise, subprocesses may throw uncaught exceptions. When used with `--allow-uncaught`, Mocha will "bubble" this exception to the main process, but still must shut down its processes.

### Root Hooks Are Not Global

> _NOTE: This only applies to test files run parallel mode_.

A root-level hook is a hook in a test file which is _not defined_ within a suite. An example using the `bdd` interface:

```js
// test/setup.js
beforeEach(function() {
  doMySetup();
});

afterEach(function() {
  doMyTeardown();
});
```

When run (in the default "serial" mode) via `mocha --file "./test/setup.js" "./test/**/*.spec.js"`, `setup.js` will be executed _first_, and install the two hooks shown above for every test found in `./test/**/*.spec.js`.

**When Mocha runs in parallel mode, test files do not share the same process.** Consequently, a root-level hook defined in test file _A_ won't be present in test file _B_.

There are a (minimum of) two workarounds for this:

1. `require('./setup.js')` or `import './setup.js'` at the top of every test file. Best avoided for those averse to boilerplate.

> 1. _Recommended_: Define root-level hooks in a required file, using the new (also as of v8.0.0) [Root Hook Plugin](#root-hook-plugins) system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. _Recommended_: Define root-level hooks in a required file, using the new (as of v7.2.0) [Root Hook Plugin](#root-hook-plugins) system.
```

- :white_check_mark: Ensure your tests clean up after themselves; remove temp files, handles, sockets, etc. Don't try to share state or resources between test files.

### Caveats About Testing in Parallel

Some types of tests are _not_ so well-suited to run in parallel. For example, extremely timing-sensitive tests, or tests which make I/O requests to a limited pool of resources (such as opening ports, or automating browser windows, hitting a test DB, or remote server, etc.).

Free-tier cloud CI services may not provide a suitable multi-core container or VM for their build agents. Regarding expected performance gains in CI: your mileage may vary. It may help to use a conditional in a `.mocharc.js` to check for `process.env.CI`, and adjust the job count as appropriate.

It's unlikely (but not impossible) to see a performance gain from a [job count](#-jobs-count-j-count) _greater than_ the number of available CPU cores. That said, _play around with the job count_--there's no one-size-fits all, and the unique characteristics of your tests will determine the optimal number of jobs; it may even be that fewer is faster!

## Root Hook Plugins

> > _New in v8.0.0._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _New in v7.2.0._
```

Author: I think we need to discuss whether we want to do this in v7.2.0 or v8.0.0.  I would prefer the latter, for marketing reasons. 😜

In some cases, you may want to execute a [hook](#hooks) before (or after) every test in every file. Previous to v8.0.0, the way to accomplish this was to use `--file` combined with root-level hooks (see [example above](#root-hooks-are-not-global)). This still works in v8.0.0, but _not_ when running tests in parallel mode!

> A Root-Level Hook Plugin is a JavaScript file loaded via [`--require`](#-require-module-r-module) which "registers" one or more root-level hooks to be used across all test files.

Reviewer 2: Some users might go straight to `(#-require-module-r-module)` section, worth making a small update there to point here? Thinking the `"Note you cannot use --require to set a global beforeEach() hook"` bit could do with an update.

Author: yes, good catch.  I'll update it... want to see how #4244 actually lands first though
